[enterprise-4.12][DOCS] OBSDOCS-545 - Logging 5.6.12 Release Notes (#65987)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-rn-5.6.12.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// logging-5-6-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-6-12_{context}"]
= Logging 5.6.12
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:5541[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.6.12].

[id="openshift-logging-5-6-12-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, deploying LokiStack on IPv6-only or dual-stack OCP clusters caused the LokiStack memberlist registration to fail. As a result, the distributor pods went into a crash loop. With this update, the administrator can enable IPv6 using `lokistack.spec.hashRing.memberlist.enableIPv6: true` which resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4570[LOG-4570])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, deploying LokiStack on IPv6-only or dual-stack {product-title} clusters caused the LokiStack memberlist registration to fail. As a result, the distributor pods went into a crash loop. With this update, an administrator can enable IPv6 by setting the `lokistack.spec.hashRing.memberlist.enableIPv6` value to `true`, which resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4570[LOG-4570])
```
- Replace OCP with an attribute.
- Add comma before dependent clause.
- Should `memberlist` be in backticks? I'm not sure.
- Change `the administrator` to `an administrator` because you're referring to any admin and not a specific one.

Author: Thank you for the insightful suggestion Brian! :) I have made the changes.
